[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a psychological
horror film
the skin i live in spoiler ahead watch
out and take care
dr robert is a well-known plastic
surgeon in toledo
an old city in spain he's conducting
frontier research on genetically
modified artificial skin
and has made many breakthroughs with its
astonishing feature of bug proof and
fireproof
the skin is expected to replace those
aging burnt skins of humans
and will definitely trigger a revolution
in the beauty industry
however since this kind of technology is
not yet approved to be applied to humans
the doctor has to take tests secretly on
the girl vera
who's been kidnapped and taken to his
manner in the suburb area
he tests the technology numerous times
on her until someday the artificial skin
proves to be a great success on her
whole body
after the surgery he asks veera to wear
tights all the time
to keep in shape dr robert likes to
appreciate his newly done masterpiece
vera he can't help but check her through
the monitor
however it puzzles him a lot where he
finds it hard to make a decision
whether or not it's time to kill her
vera also knows that she is worthless
and probably gets killed soon so she
takes actions
starting to seduce him dr robert is
driven horny by such a hot lady
but turns worried at the same time
because he's not sure whether it's just
her pretense
or her real intense due to her stockholm
syndrome
yet what he is pretty sure right now
that a horny beauty tends to a good liar
in order to keep it all a secret robert
then asks the housekeeper to fire all of
the servants
when the servants leave the manor a
weirdo in a cat costume walks in
he is actually the housekeeper's son and
comes there for shelter
because he just robbed a jewelry store
and escaped from the police
he wants the doctor to change his face
to avoid being caught and sent to jail
but the mother refuses her son believing
that he's too crazy for that
right then the catted weirdo checks
around the house and is astonished to
see vera on the monitor screen
thinking he may have seen her somewhere
before
he's turned horny by her sexy body and
tights and desires to play hormone
yoga with her with a gun in hand the
housekeeper threatens him to get out of
the house
but the catted weirdo easily takes her
gun and ties her to a chair
with her mouth blocked with a cloth then
he gets the key to viera's room
and is extremely excited to rush
upstairs
hearing the gunshot vera thinks it might
be a chance for her to escape
so she stands close to the door when the
catted weirdo opens the door
vera kicks him and tries to run away but
he grabs her leg to make her fall
and drags her inside moments later vera
is overpowered
and raped by the muscular weirdo dr
robert gets home from work
seeing the poor vera he knows what
happened he is angry and shoots the
weirdo
killing him but leaving only his sick
smelly hormones behind
the next day when the housekeeper cleans
the bloody room
she tells vera a shocking truth that dr
robert and the catted weirdo are
actually her sons
and grew up together in this matter her
weirdo son's father was a servant here
who left them right before his birth
that's why she didn't like her weirdo
son
due to the sterility of his wife the man
her owner made her pregnant
and give birth to a child later who is
robert
the owner was happy about that but hid
the truth from people
since then the housekeeper stayed to be
his secret mistress
and babysit the little robert as a nanny
rather than his mother
she tried her best to take care of
robert and he doesn't know the truth so
far
and now robert has killed his
half-brother vera
asks why the catted weirdo thought she
looked familiar
the housekeeper tells her because robert
has given vera his wife's face
and the catered weirdo has a past affair
with robert's wife
in the flashbacks the housekeeper didn't
care too much about her rebellious son
when he was seven years old he even
started to work for drug dealers
then ran away from home 12 years ago he
suddenly came back for shelter
and happened to meet robert's wife they
both fell in love at first sight
and later they decided to run away for
love secretly
on their way however they hit a car
crash the catted weirdo survived without
severe
injury but because of the affair he
didn't dare come back from then on
robert's wife survived as well but got
badly burnt
still in love with his wife robert saved
his wife and tried to get her face and
body back to normal
one day when the wife approaches the
window she suddenly saw her horrible
face
in a mirror she's so frightened that she
couldn't accept what had happened
and chose to end her life jumping out of
the window
seeing that her mother crashing onto the
ground and dying right beside her
robert's daughter suffered from a severe
anxiety disorder
resulting in her unwillingness to speak
to anyone from then on
robert suffered a lot from that and
became so obsessive about his research
on artificial skin
that night robert gets home and
expresses his love for vera
his insanity drove him to surgically
change vera's face
to the exact face of his late wife
robert has a sound sleep with vera
sleeping beside
he dreams of his daughter and the
happenings of six years ago
a long period after the trauma suffered
from her mother's death
the daughter got much better and robert
took her to a party one night
his daughter met a young man there and
they both were hooked by each other
they sneaked out of the party and took a
walk in the backyard
while robert went to find her outside he
only saw a young man driving past him
hastily on a motorcycle
which arose robert's suspicion he kept
searching
and saw his daughter's clothes and shoes
scattered on the ground before finding
his daughter lying unconscious
judging by that situation he's pretty
sure that his daughter got hormone
assault
and the motorcyclist just did it he woke
her up
but the daughter couldn't clearly
explain what had happened that night
robert regretted a lot for taking her to
the party
and after that accident his daughter was
brought back to her traumatic past
and her situation even got worse she was
afraid of men
and often locked herself in the wardrobe
not long after that
his daughter chose to end her life
robert thought the motorcyclist was
responsible for her death
it's revealed that the motorcyclist
works at his mom's clothes shop
as a designer one day he leaves the shop
and drives to a party that evening there
he meets robert's beautiful daughter
haunted by hormones they sneak out of
the party
and take a walk in the backyard she's
pretty nervous that time
for it is the first date for her and her
whole life
when she's about to fall on a slip he
catches her body
and begins to give her a tongue massage
which makes her more nervous though
then she takes off her coat and shoes
due to her triggered anxiety disorder
the man is high on pill and mistakes to
believe she's turned horny
totally so he hugs and kisses her but
she struggles and screams
she bites him and he slaps her
unconscious
in panic the young man rushes away on
his bike
a few days later the motorcyclist leaves
home to meet some friends
and tells his mom he will come back for
dinner
when he drives to a remote area a car
suddenly comes up
and hits him causing him to fall onto
the ground
he then gets shot by a masked man and
loses his consciousness soon
when he wakes up he only finds himself
locked in a dark room
he's confined in the dark for a few days
and almost suffers a mental collapse
the kidnapper dr robert shows up finally
before him
robert already located the
motorcyclist's identity and made his
plan to take revenge against that
hormone hunter
the doctor cleans his dirty body and
begins to shave his beard the man is in
fear
and wants to know why but robert only
wants to make him suffer the fear of
mystery
after the body cleaning the doctor puts
the man on a transsexual surgery
to confiscate his weapon as a punishment
for his blind hormone hunting
the poor man asks why his private weapon
was taken without his permission
the doctor however tells him that it is
just a punishment for his rape
and he should be responsible for the
daughter's death surgery is just the
beginning
the man tries to convince robert he
didn't rape his daughter
robert doesn't buy it but rather he
insists he shall pay for what he's done
the poor man can do nothing but to take
whatever the psychotic doctor does
to him on the other side the young man's
mother is worried
for her son doesn't come back for dinner
without any choice
she calls the police who just tell her
that her son's motorcycle was found on
the beach
but his body was probably washed away by
the ways
the mother believes her son is still
alive and doesn't give up looking for
him
after a series of surgeries on his face
breasts and vocal cords
the poor man is turned into a total
female in look
he is forced to wear tights to keep in
shape and behave girly
one day he catches a chance to overpower
robert
and tries to escape but only to find all
the doors are locked with automated
devices
it's impossible for even a bird to flee
out
so he dams all the sufferings and cuts
his throat in front of robert
however dr robert saves him clears all
the knives and sharp things out of the
room
with more follow-up surgeries the man is
eventually turned into a perfect woman
wearing the exact face of robert's late
wife and the doctor names his new wife
vera failing to escape and commit
suicide
bureau falls into great horror and
despair
she starts to write down the days he's
been trapped there
one day she finds out some tv programs
about yoga
when she learns that yoga can help her
calm down and find her true self
she begins to practice it and feels
relaxed during that process
only at that time she realizes that
although she lives in a female skin
he is still possessed with a man sold
deep inside
and the soul now misses his mom and
longs for his
own life despite that after all the
endless sufferings
he seems to have already got accustomed
to his new face and manages to hide his
manly emotions
he tries to be a good wife before her
darling and behaves gently and girly
during their hormone exercises
robert is astonished by her changes
although he still feels
a little bit confused by his revived
wife he's attracted by vera's face
so beautiful and flawless gradually
he treats her as his wife and forgets
she was the motorcyclist before
on the other side bira is totally
overwhelmed by such a good man
who has turned him into such a perfect
masterpiece
due to the stockholm syndrome she's sick
for his love
and acts as a good wife robert starts to
relax
and gives vera more freedom but only in
the manner
one day seeing vera goes shopping with a
housekeeper
and comes back as usual robert thinks
that her obedience deserves her full
freedom
one afternoon robert's assistant comes
to the manor and asks him to rent the
manor out to run a hospital
which is denied by robert because this
house contains too much of his secrets
but the assistant seems unwilling to let
it go that way
he then shows a picture of the missing
motorcyclist
and says he remembers the doctor has
been involved in surgery for this
missing man
so he supposes robert has kidnapped him
and threatens him to rent the manor
however right then vera shows up and
tells the assistant she is actually the
missing man
but she won't leave robert because she's
in love with him which helps robert get
rid of the annoying assistant
and makes robert totally trust vera one
night however
as they are about to play the hormone
game vera takes an excuse to grab some
hormone spray for the fast man
downstairs
but she comes back with a gun and kills
the shocking robert without any
hesitation
hearing the gunshot the housekeeper
comes for a check but gets killed by
vera immediately
who lives under the skin of mrs robert
for years but ends up having never lost
his soul
she eventually takes her revenge against
the insane family and frees herself from
the years-long humiliation
and fears in the end vera leaves the god
damned house
with confidence in his face and finds
his mom in the shop
trying to prove to them that her son is
back
this is daniel cc movie channel bye